[ADD] VoIP: Axivox Documentation Grouping (#5256)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/voip/axivox/manage_users.rst

- :guilabel:`Dial plan management`
- :guilabel:`Pickup group management`
- :guilabel:`Switch management`
- :guilabel:`Conference management`
- :guilabel:`Queue management`
- :guilabel:`Voicemail management`
- :guilabel:`Audio messages management`
- :guilabel:`Music on hold management`
- :guilabel:`Directory management`
- :guilabel:`Call list`
- :guilabel:`Connected user list`
- :guilabel:`Global settings`
- :guilabel:`Apply changes button`
- :guilabel:`Invoice download`
- :guilabel:`Invoice details`
- :guilabel:`Blacklist management`
- :guilabel:`Conference participant management`

To access credentials for the Axivox user portal navigate to the top of the
:menuselection:`Permissions tab`. Copy the :guilabel:`Username` and enter a :guilabel:`Password` for
the individual user. There is a minimum of 8 characters for a user password.

.. note::
   These are the same permissions granted to the Axivox administrator that are listed in the left
   menu in the Axivox management console. Should a selection state :guilabel:`No` or :guilabel:`No
   access` then the menu option does not populate for the user.

Remember to :guilabel:`Save` any changes made and :guilabel:`Apply changes`.

> Upon finishing setting up a new user, :ref:`axivox/incoming_number` can be linked.

Author: Added in

   the :guilabel:`Number of keys` field, located at the top of the :guilabel:`Keys` tab of the
   :guilabel:`New user` form.

SIP identifiers tab
-------------------

*SIP*, which stands for Session Initiation Protocol telephony, allows one to make and receive calls
through an internet connection. The :guilabel:`SIP Identifiers` tab on the :guilabel:`New user`
form, contains credentials needed to configure Axivox users in Odoo and/or a different :abbr:`SIP
(Session Initiation Protocol)` mobile client.

.. seealso::
   See the documentation on configuring Axivox, using the SIP identifiers: :doc:`Use VoIP services
   in Odoo with Axivox <axivox_config>` | :doc:`Axivox Mobile Integrations
   <../devices_integrations>`.

Under the :guilabel:`SIP Identifiers` tab, the :guilabel:`SIP username` field represents the user's
information that was entered in the :guilabel:`Extension` field, under the :guilabel:`General` tab.

The :guilabel:`Domain` field is assigned to the company by the Axivox representative.

The value in the :guilabel:`SIP Password` field is unique for every Axivox user. This value is used

> to sign-in to Axivox on Odoo, and for any mobile :abbr:`SIP (Session Initiation Protocol)` clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to sign into Axivox on Odoo, and for any mobile :abbr:`SIP (Session Initiation Protocol)` clients.
```

.. image:: manage_users/sip-identifiers-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Important credentials used for external configurations of Axivox VoIP.

> The value listed in the :guilabel:`Address of the proxy server` field is generally always:
> `pabx.axivox.com`, but is subject to change by Axivox, so be sure to check the :guilabel:`SIP
> Identifiers` tab for the most accurate value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value listed in the :guilabel:`Address of the proxy server` field is typically:
`pabx.axivox.com`, but is subject to change by Axivox, so be sure to check the :guilabel:`SIP
Identifiers` tab for the most accurate value.
```

- :guilabel:`Conference management`
- :guilabel:`Queue management`
- :guilabel:`Voicemail management`
- :guilabel:`Audio messages management`
- :guilabel:`Music on hold management`
- :guilabel:`Directory management`
- :guilabel:`Call list`
- :guilabel:`Connected user list`
- :guilabel:`Global settings`
- :guilabel:`Apply changes button`
- :guilabel:`Invoice download`
- :guilabel:`Invoice details`
- :guilabel:`Blacklist management`
- :guilabel:`Conference participant management`

To access credentials for the Axivox user portal, navigate to the top of the
:menuselection:`Permissions tab`. Then, copy the :guilabel:`Username`, and enter the correct
:guilabel:`Password` for the individual user. There is a minimum of 8 characters for a user
password.

.. note::
   These are the same permissions granted to the Axivox administrator that are listed in the menu on
   the left in the Axivox management console. Should a selection state :guilabel:`No`, or
   :guilabel:`No access`, then the menu option does **not** populate for the user.

Once all the desired configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save`, then click
:guilabel:`Apply changes` in the upper-right corner.

> Upon finishing the set up for a new user, an :ref:`axivox/incoming_number` can be linked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon finishing the setup for a new user, an :ref:`axivox/incoming_number` can be linked.
```
